
WRITE TESTS FOR EACH BUG YOU FIX!! 
AND REGRESSION TESTS FOR ALL NEW FEATURES!

Commit messages should explain WHY you did the change, we can already see what you did
by looking at the diff. We want to know WHY you did it.


Note to myself
--------------

Solve problems and pains! Do not look for problems that fit a solution!

Before you start working on something new, first describe the problem, 
(and do a quick research to find out if a solutions already exist.)


Never trust the SCM. Always make backups!! (file lost due to I forgot to run hg add, couldn't recover from a hg up, etc)

When using source control NEVER switch to an earlier revision on working folder. 
hg will merge things in and screw up so you can not get back to tip! All your work might get lost!
Instead copy the whole project root folder elsewhere and run the "hg up" command there.

Always make a ZFS snapshot before running apt upgrade!!!
on ZOL (ZFS on Linux) running apt upgrade might make the server unable to boot.
sudo zfs snapshot ben/ROOT/ubuntu@upgrade


Meego browser silently exit any function that tries to access a member on a undefined object!

Android browser will not run the script if it contains a default keyword such as foo.default or foo.with

Firefox dev tools sometimes hide console log messages!!



About design: We had a VHS video that for some reason was black and white, I don't know if it was the cassette, cable or the video player that was making the video black and white,
I had tried everything. Then one day suddenly the video had color! This was my sons favorite video, but now that it had color HE HATED IT!
The video was displayed as origionally intendens, it had been improved with colors. But by son felt the colors was now wrong and the movie was thus ruined.

The user might have a picture in their head how they want the program to look and behave, if possibe, we should make it possible for the user to tweak the 
program so that it looks like the picture in their head!?



Always set callback=null after calling back!!! to prevent double callback 
and so that we also get an error when actually calling it twice, with a nice call stack that will help debug the error.

When developing developer tools, 1/3 of your time should be spent educating users how to use it, and 1/3 of your time should be spent on marketing/hyping.

Always follow happy path when demoing! Unless you want to find new bugs and issues...



Know issues that can't or wont be fixed
---------------------------------------
Know issue: On gaming keyboard (n key rollover) Gnome will freeze if you press to many keys at once (so not an editor issue)


Happy path
----------
Happy path: (manually check on prod after each release)
1. Ctrl+Alt + Right click on web page should open the SSG source file in the editor
2. WYSIWYG edit said page
3. Publish changes


Development Plan
----------------
Step 1: Move development to the cloud, fix pain points
Step 2: Use a Chromebook to develop, fix pain points, 
Step 3: Use device X, fix pain points