


Some things I have learned
--------------------------


It seems that if I use a device (and or keyboard) that I'm not used to,
so that I need to spend extra cognitive load, I get more annoyed by small details,
like the editor not scrolling to the right place, me having to scroll down to see something, etc.
Because those extra things, that I otherwise use muscle memory to fix, now becomes more work!
So when polishing design and small details, use a device that you are not used to - in order to discover those small annoyances!

It seems that in a market where each program is low cost of free and you got a lot to choose from,
you want simple apps, that does not have a learning curve. While in a market with expensive apps and little to choose from you want more depth
and are willing to invest more of your time to learn it.


When a program can't find a lib, try export LD_LIBRARY_PATH



Cloud functions are stupid, they are hard to debug. And the latency is terrible.





Most people making web pages don't want to deal with HTML, CSS, coding, they want a WYSIWYG!
Users don't care what language a program is made in, they just want it to work and be easy to use.
Users don't care if a web page use hand crafted HTML,CSS,JS or is generated by a photoshop plugin.
Users don't care if the generated JS is bloated,slow and stupid, it just have to be *fast enough*
Users don't care if something is running on bare metal or VM's ten levels deep, it just have to be *fast enough*
Your users don't know everything you know, and have different values then you do!
I need to figure out what users are willing to pay for and *not* trust my intuition

Developers prefer to choose their own tools

You'll spend most of your time fixing bugs and issues, so optimize for debugging and seamless releases


---

Prepare for a beta tester to test the static site generator ...
Get a beta tester and see if he manages to publish a web page using the static site generator!
result: He failed. Managed to login, but didn't know what to do from there ...

I'm working on serverless/chatt and edited the prod files in /tank/www/webtigerteam.com/serverless/chatapp/main.js
now I want to compare with the repo /home/zeta/dev/chatapp/ ...
The hg plugins needs a diff function! A diff function is also useful (yeh) ... Should the diff function be built-in (not a plugin) ?
EDITOR.diffFile(someFill, diffWithohterfile) => someFill-diffWithohterfile.diff.js inserts in green and removed in red



Setting up the toolchain for programming is very hard for a beginner, "just edit and run node" is very confusing ...
Make it so that you get "right into coding" example HTML page, being able to preview it by clicking a button, and edits are hot-loaded (without page refresh).
When you load the editor the first time you have a HTML and JS file open, where it says "hit F1 to preview"

Need a way to check that the editor is not broken before pushing!

Select a web page theme ... !?

Should the file tabs have it's own right click/context menu !? ... 
Some options should only show up if clicked on the file tabs ...
We should avoid having plugins depend on each others though!
We might also have some options show up when we click on a file in the file explorer ...
Maybe have different contexts, like a "file" for when clicking on a "file" and a "canvas" context when clicking on some text,
a "selection" context for selected text. etc .. !?
HTML element can have a context attribute, like "file" so that options for "file" contexts show up when right clicking on the element.

Need a good file explorer / file picker / file viewer / path selector. ex: where to save the file !?

Use conf.json files instead of GUI where possible, example SSG config.

The server don't need a container, but it's OK to run a isolated group of users in a VPS.

Should the editor's platform be a dev platform, or only an editor ? 
We need to run the dev-app on the same server to get a debug channel, but the "production" server should not be the same as dev/editor server.


Should the tests be loaded when running in the browser !?

Should there be white space indentation on emty lines !?

How do I "release" !?

"the integrations are the product" - integrate with other tools, for example Google drive

Offline experience !? If we can't connected to the server. Should it still be possible to use the editor !?

Terminal emulator ? (node-pty, node-ansiparser). No! Everything should be handled via the GUI, do not introduce new concepts (like the terminal).
Manage files via the file explorer plugin, launch nodejs scripts with nodejs plugin and stop with stop button, or debug stepper. Use mercurial/git plugins with GUI.

Discovery: Dashboard! When no file is open. Can also bring up the dash-board when clicking on a "settings/search" icon that's always visible in the top right corner.
dashboards sell!

Discovery: "tip of the day". "Open a file" Ctrl + O
Keep stats on how many times a key-combo has been used, then show tips about the less used ones.

Is node.exe (osx package) a signed binary ? Can OSX users start it !?? Yep!

Add to Chrome OS app store ...

How to handle errors in server.js ?

SSH keys when connecting to remote servers ... where to store them ?

Getting likes or upvotes are very addicting ... 

Is it possible to teach people to write HTML ? "Learn HTML and Make web pages like a pro"

Helping functions / abstractions, that I need, or find it annoying without, have prio, but bugs have more prio!?
Maybe it's faster to fix the bug if I have those functions working thoug!?

Work on improving the bug finding system, like undefined methods and properties, have prio! But bugs have more prio!?
Make the static analyzer Follow <script includes and nodeJS require's

misspelled / undefined property: If the property have never been seen before but match another property with only 1 character off, show the off letter with red background.

Flow integration !? https://flowtype.org/assets/flow.js
https://flowtype.org/try/
ej=yf}ej.registerFile=ig(function(a,b){return CU(a.toString(),b.toString())});ej.setLibs=ig(aDb);ej.check=ig(aDc);ej.checkContent=ig(aDd);ej.jsOfOcamlVersion=Hm.toString();ej.flowVersion="0.31.0";ej.typeAtPos=ig(aDi);Du(0);return}}(function(){return this}()));

Make a Tern and Eslint plugin too ? Only use the pure JS file, not the whole NPM projekt, run in worker process.

---

Save state every X minute and track all actions. Then when there is a error, a test for that bug is automatically created, 
loading the state and replaying the actions. Ask to fully restart the editor.

When "debugging" Open up a editor clone, with --remote-debugging-port and run the tests there, 
so they can be debugged with breakpoints (do not self debug).

---

Bind to the actual character/key/control-character instead of keyboard combination !??? 
Like ô instead of the combo to make that character.
Because keyboard layouts are different. 
Return false to prevent the character to be inserted into the document (default action)

What's weird is that Ctrl+I does not trigger keyPress event, but Ctrl+U does (21). Why??
This means we wouln't be able to bind anything on Ctrl+U (and more combos) as it never fires the keyPress event.

Use this control key standard?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_key

---

Replace all file IO with streams !?

Should files be opened as streams!!?
Would probably have to save remote files to a temporary location

There's no rush in getting rid of nw.js, but we should make sure everything works without it!
Make sure everything works in Chrome/Chromium browser, then also Firefox (with -chrome arg)
and also (but low prio) Safari and IE (and maybe Edge). Don't bother trying to make it work in
new versions of nw.js though.
ubuntu: webapp-container / unity-webapps-runner ?

---

Annoying when the mobile browser zooms in 500% and brings up the native keyboard when you click on a html input elemnt!
Maybe we can replace all input elements with File canvas's ? 

---

Both Opera Mobile and Chrome on Android hides the URL and search bar when scrolling down ...
Can we use this to get a "full screen" experience !? Only on Opera and it's complicated.
Android always show the URL bar when you scroll up.
We could however come up with a another way to scroll files, instead of up/down motions.
But it's probably not worth it when both Android and iOS has a add2desktop for web app,
that lets the web app run in full screen (without the browser chrome).

Plugins must register query string options !? So documentation can be auto generated... ?


Things I've learned
-------------------
Trying to allow stat files in /home/** in apparmor profile. use: /home/ r, to allow listing files (need it even if we have ** r)
Use feature flag for stuff that are "in construction" so that the main branch is always working and can be pushed to production at any time.
Try do debug without console.log!
Always use F5 to reload! Or exit functions might not fire!
Write tests (first)!
Use hg mv to move/rename files!
note: The error should be the first argument in callbacks!
note: Have to close the app and reopen it to reload NodeJS module source!
note: Always restart after a (thrown) error! (Spent 3 hours debugging after a "throw" caused code in a NodeJS module to abort, and leaving it in a bad state.)
Throw errors instead of just returning the void! (ex: if(foo == bad) return;) => throw new Error("foo is bad!")
Plugin's GUI's should use their own event handlers for the GUI instead of cluttering keyBindings
Seems we can exec and have scripts as apparmor profiles!